Complete the documentation of the php client when downloading a media in v4 (#262)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/php-client/resources/PAM/asset-reference-files.md

file_put_contents('/tmp/chicagoskyline.jpg', $product->getContents());
```

> From v4 of the PHP client, the response is returned instead of the content. It allows to get the filename and the Mime type from the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the v4 of the PHP client, the response is returned instead of the content. It allows getting the filename and the MIME type from the response.
```

file_put_contents('/tmp/bridge.jpg', $product->getContents());
```

> From v4 of the PHP client, the response is returned instead of the content. It allows to get the filename and the Mime type from the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the v4 of the PHP client, the response is returned instead of the content. It allows getting the filename and the MIME type from the response.
```
